chore: EDOT rum doc updates (#4144)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/observability/applications/otel-rum.md

### OTLP endpoint

You should have an OTLP Collector to intake data from the OpenTelemetry RUM instrumentation. If you're setting up a new deployment, you can create an {{ecloud}} hosted deployment or {{serverless-short}} project, which includes the [{{motlp}}](opentelemetry://reference/motlp.md).

Depeding on whre the Collector is placed in your infrastructure you may have two setup options:

> 1. Reverse proxy(recommended): this is the approach you must take if you're using {{motlp}} or if your Collector is not publicly available. For other scenarios we also recommend this approach. The reasons are explained in the section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Reverse proxy (recommended): Take this approach if you're using {{motlp}} or if your collector is not publicly available. Refer to the next section for further information.
```

2. Setup CORS: you can opt in for this setup if your Collector is public and you are able to modify its configuration.

::::{tab-set}

:::{tab-item} Reverse proxy (recommended)

The recomendation is to use a reverse proxy to redirect the requests from your web app to the Collector for several of reasons:

- There is no option in {{motlp}} to configure [CORS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/CORS) and without the porper configuration browsers will not send data to it.
- Is not a good idea to have API keys or other autentication token in your web app since is visible to everyone. You can append the proper `Authorization` header in the proxied request keeping them valid and at the same time not leaking any secret into public.

> - You can apply rate limiting or any other mecanism to control traffic before it reaches the Collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can apply rate limiting or any other mechanisms to control traffic before it reaches the collector.
```
